My mother taught me from a very young age to pray.
For us, it meant chatting openly with our Heavenly Father.
Every day conversation.
That was a valuable life lesson that has empowered me throughout my life.
Growing up, I always wanted to become a teacher.
But after reflecting on it a bit more,
I realized that what I really wanted to do with my life
was to work for the Kingdom of Heaven.
So, how could I do both?
I decided to pursue a career in theology.
My goal was to become an instructor in the church.
When I started working for the church,
I quickly discovered that the teachings of the church
contradict what the Bible says.
One question left unanswered by the church was,
why suffering exists?
A pastor could only stammer and say,
well, it can't be explained because it's a mystery.
But I didn't think the existence of suffering
could be a mystery at all.
I realized that I had to find a way
to satisfy my conscience
and still uphold the position of the church.
So, while I was teaching, I would explain,
this is what the church teaches.
But this is what the Bible says.
And then, the most tragic moment of my life happened.
I was 22 years old
and in the middle of planning for my wedding,
when my fiance died in a car accident.
Of course, this changed my life completely.
It was the most painful feeling.
I just knew deep down that now,
I would never marry or have a family of my own.
So, I had to find a way to survive,
day after day, year after year,
and look for another way to leave something meaningful behind.
So, I buried myself in my work.
The position at the church that I had been working toward
was discontinued and changed to the role of a priest.
Altogether, I did congregational work for 33 years.
And then, when my health couldn't take it anymore,
I did other tasks for the church.
I was giving everything I had to give.
But whenever I looked to the church to give something to me,
I was always left empty.
I prayed for many years.
Lord, help me find my real spiritual home.
This was my prayer for about 10 years.
And then one day, I came across Jehovah's Witnesses.
Immediately, I said to my Heavenly Father,
this is what I have been searching for.
I found out that the Holy Spirit was coming to me.
It was coming to me.
What do you have for me?
That was the first thing I asked them.
The first meeting I attended made a big impression on me.
I remember, in particular, the verse in the Gospel of John,
by this, all will know that you are my disciples,
if you have love in your midst.
And I thought, I've been searching for this all my life.
And this is it.
It's right here.
My closest friend was deeply shocked when I told her
that I was going to leave the church to become one of Jehovah's Witnesses.
When she calmed down, she said,
I will support you, as I always have,
but promise me you won't change.
Four years later, she came to visit me again.
She kept watching me closely and said,
you have changed.
I was startled and asked in what way?
She said, it looks to me like you're happy.
My prayer to find a spiritual home was answered.
And I experienced the great miracle of finally finding
what I had been looking for my entire life.